hey thanks for watching this video this
is brand new from Fury and in this video
I want to pull down the curtains and
show you the exact tool that got me from
booking this many meetings every single
week for my agency to booking 30 to 50
qualified sales calls every single month
consistently look I've been in the
agency space for over five years I own
brandlics media an agency that serves
e-commerce clients and I have to say
over the years there has been one main
consistent and recurring problem that
initially stopped me from just scaling
my agency right and reaching my goals
guess what it was it was booking sales
calls and meetings right my service
delivery has always been amazing however
my main struggle was creating more
opportunity for my business and this was
the main and exact reason why I decided
to found Fury AI with my partner Mattel
Lungi and once again this amazing tool
is the exact same tool that finally
allowed me to predictably book qualified
sales calls with ready to buy prospects
and I never had to chase clients ever
again run expensive ads cold call do the
cold calling post organically in groups
perhaps Facebook groups none of this and
instead I leveraged Fury AI to
completely revolutionize and automate my
client acquisition system and book sales
calls left and right consistently week
over week now let's talk about how most
agencies try to book qualified meetings
they usually get access to massive lists
of prospects and send the exact same
message to their entire list and then
cross their fingers hoping to get
clients or calls what ends up happening
here is that your booking rate is so low
that you end up burning through all of
your leads in a couple of months now the
best and new way is to leverage
personalization tools that allow you to
send extremely personalized messages at
scale and this is exactly what Fury AI
does and focuses on and guess what with
this high level of personalization
you're never going to receive those
demotivating and depressing negative
replies from your prospects telling you
to stop contacting them and if you have
done outbound Outreach you know exactly
what I'm talking about in fact it will
be the exact opposite just take a look
at this incredible message that I
personally received from the CEO himself
regarding my personalized approach he
says hi Brando I am not a candidate for
your services but I surely wanted to
compliment you on like the best genuine
personalized sales pitch of the year and
and he ends up writing a very long email
account implementing me about the pitch
and you know the way that I introduced
my my service right here's another
example hi Brando to be honest I don't
normally reply to these unsolicited
pitch emails and we get a lot these days
but yours did stand out nobody has ever
done a video before very clever so as
you can see here are some other examples
you can stop the video and read through
them but we receive positive replies
like these every single day right for my
own agency
so how do I get all these positive
replies and how do I ultimately fill up
my calendar with prospects that want to
pay me every single month right the
answer is of course Fury Ai and we're so
excited of launching this to the market
uh so let's actually break down exactly
what Fury AI does and its features okay
the first feature and the first thing
that Fury does is that it auto generates
personalized first lines and emails okay
and how it works is it's very simple
actually Rai will essentially scrape the
prospect's website gather data and
information and produce a fully
personalized email and first liner also
known as Icebreaker that you can then
Plug and Play into your outbound
campaigns now the second main feature is
that Fury AI will automatically generate
a personalized video with the prospect's
website as a background and here are
just a couple examples as you can see
these are all
um screen recordings that Fury AI you
know generated automatically generated
and how it works is that this video as
you can see on the bottom left is my own
pitch and what Fury does is that it puts
the screen recording of your leads
website behind my video so it seems like
it's a fully personalized experience
okay so this will make the video look so
personalized that your reply rates will
automatically Skyrocket from day one
literally Skyrocket now let's hop into
feature number three the third amazing
feature is that Fury Ai and this is
unheard of will automatically or Auto
generate a personalized landing page for
your to the prospect directly that
includes the custom video right
essentially the previous feature plus
other personalization aspects within the
page itself like their first name or
their company name this is just an
example of a top part of the landing
page that Fury automatically generated
as you can see this is the actual
um personalized video with the the
prospects background and as you can see
on the top left there's like
personalization features like their
first name in this case Emily and this
is how it looks like now the great thing
is that you can fully customize the
landing page with our easy to use page
builder so let's actually hop on the
platform to show you exactly how Fury it
works
now here we are welcome to Fury we
divided we tried to make this as simple
as possible into four simple steps okay
all you need to do is Step One is upload
your leads right so we have a specific
way to upload leads we need name uh job
title company email and website or for
all of your leads and your prospects you
just need to drag and drop click on
upload and within just a few seconds the
leads will be uploaded into Fury and it
will start processing now the next step
here is to upload a pitch and a case
study video and what Fury will do is
essentially combine these two videos
together to make a fully personalized Uh
custom video right and it's very simple
a pitch should be one to two minute long
video where you just actually pitch the
product or the service right to your
prospects and then this a case study
video is essentially a one should be
approximately one to two minute video
where you actually share your screen and
go through your case studies so that
people you know prospects can't see the
value and results of from your services
right so I'm just gonna do a demo video
I'm just gonna upload it over here
upload is going to take a few seconds to
actually upload the video
and same thing for the case study video
and by the way I go more into detail on
how to structure these videos because
there's a specific strategy that you
know you need to follow uh in order to
actually you know get get the the the
calls booked now the fourth and final
step is to actually customize the
landing page what we did over here is
that we just built an integrated a
custom landing page builder you can
change your images your videos you can
change your your headlines it's very
easy to use uh here is where the pitch
video is going to go the custom video
that Fury generates is going to go over
here and then you can customize your
call to actions your headlines your
images your videos whatever you want
this is essentially a template that we
provide for you right and then the next
step is very simple you just click over
here on results and confirm um you know
the leads I'm not going to confirm for
time purposes but essentially what
you're going to have is a final lead
sheet that looks something like this
where you're gonna have your email uh
the personalized email the Icebreaker
uh you're also going to have the custom
landing page and and other
personalization features right now the
amazing part is this is that when you
have this data you can literally go in
platforms like instantly or lemless for
like a cold email for example and the
process is very simple the way that we
have our lead sheet structured right I'm
just hearing instantly if you don't know
instantly it's like a cold email
software that essentially allows you to
send cold emails to your prospects if
you create a campaign to import your
leads right you just need to click on
import CSV and you just need to drag and
drop our lead sheet the one that we
provide the one Fury provided and then
you just have to match your names right
first name first name job title company
name and everything we actually have
tutorials internally once you're on
board it will show you how to set
everything up but essentially this is
the beauty of Fury now in case you
wanted to know what the final product
looks like this is the final product
this is the final customized landing
page with the custom video as you can
see see on the top left Jennifer is the
lead name and then here we have our
background her website on the bottom
right we have my pitch right and this is
Fury does this completely on autopilot
all you have to do is upload your videos
and your leads right and then this is
the the custom uh template that you saw
before so this is essentially just a
landing page for Jennifer so I want you
to just stop for a second and just
imagine reaching out to all of your
prospects completely on autopilot with a
personalized email with a personalized
Icebreaker with a personalized video
just for the prospect with their
website and Company as a background
with also on top of that a customized
landing page that is personalized to the
prospect in this case Jennifer
do you think that would work do you
think that this uh Outreach strategy
method would make your company different
to all of your competitors well the
answer is yes and that's why we receive
so many compliments and positive replies
every single day for my company
brandlick's media my own agency that I'm
currently growing as we speak the goal
with Fury is to completely revolutionize
the Outreach game to bring
personalization to the next level at
scale hopefully you enjoyed the quick
demo and to top this off since you are
so confident in Fury and how it operates
and works we're willing to guarantee
that yield 3x your current booking rate
or you don't pay okay so in other words
if you use fury and you don't triple
your booking rate we'll just refund you
in full no questions asked on top of
this crazy guarantee for a limited time
only we are offering a seven day free
trial so you can actually test for
yourself and see if it's a fit for your
business just click the link down below
to start your trial and let us know if
you have any questions all right bye for
now